




HOMEABOUTEAAC Teachers2015 TIMETABLE2015 ShowGALLERYPARTNERSCONTACT US












2015 Show
Welcome to the EAAC Show! This fabulous event is included in your ticket price & will showcase some of the wonderful people who will be teaching you over the weekend where you can really see what can be achieved with hard work and dedication!
The show itself will be run as a cabaret with our two fun hosts “Rufus & Ben” who are silent clowns,  “how are they going to host a show if they don’t speak?” I hear you say, well, through the use of comedy, mime and imagination they will take you on a journey through the show.
What can you expect to see? Skill, Strength, Flexibility & Sass! You can see how the things you have learnt over the weekend are put together to make an awe inspiring routine! You will see variety, character & humour along the way too.  Prepare to be entertained.
EAAC Show Running order:
Doors open: 7pm
Show starts: 7.30pm
Rufus & Ben Silent Clown Hosts – Introduction to EAAC Show & will introduce each act in their unique way
Acts:
Felipe Reyes – Take a walk on the wild side 
Felipe’s act is a cross-gender cabaret act whereby he interprets half woman and half man, with humour, colour and audience captivating moves whilst demonstrating technical skills and techniques on aerial straps.


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Oddlings – Double X – Acrobalance act.

George le Couteur – Cyr Wheel

David Helman – Silks/Hammock
David Aeon Helman performs & teach both aerial and pole regularly at Sydney’s premier venues, studios and festivals across Australia. Read David’s full bio here!

Forma Fortis Family (Alex, Leon, Kilian and Marion Lenz) – Pirates of the Hebridean 
A family of pirates sailing the Hebridean Islands, this is going to be a fun, lighthearted act using acrobalance skills.

Will Johnson – Dance trapeze
Elegant single point trapeze routine.


 

 

Edu Martinez- Spinish – Cyr Wheel
Edu Martinez gives us a dark & intriguing Cyr Wheel routine performing under the name “Spinish” a take on his Spanish roots & love of Cyr Wheel

Tuk & Sofie – Acro 
A silent acrobalance double act

Lil Tulloch – Lyra
Lil will be wowing us with her Aerial Hoop skills in her quirky upbeat routine.
Hamish Tjoeng- Rope
Hamish will close the show with his emotive powerful rope routine.











                Powered by Warp Theme Framework







