




HOMEABOUTEAAC Teachers2015 TIMETABLE2015 ShowGALLERYPARTNERSCONTACT US












ABOUT
Edinburgh’s Aerial and Acro Convention





 

 

 

 

 

EAAC 2015: September 4th to 6th

Now in its ninth year, EAAC is a 3 day aerial and acro convention and is the UK’s largest event of its kind with over 250 workshops! Based in Edinburgh, it brings together individuals and groups from all over the world wishing to expand their existing practice through a wide range of disciplines. Workshops are led by world class performers and teachers who are passionate about passing on their skills and techniques. We have workshops for absolute beginners all the way to advanced workshops for professional performers

This year’s convention is bigger and better than ever as we have invited some of the highest standards of professional artists to run our workshops that we have ever seen. We have a huge range of Workshops on offer and EAAC is a great opportunity to try out new skills that you may never before had the chance to! Alongside classes in Yoga, Flexibility, Trapeze, Hoop and Silks, you will also have the chance to do Bungee Trapeze, Teeterboard, Russian bars, Cyr Wheel… and much more! Head over to our timetable page to find out more about what’s on offer.

Dates for EAAC 2015:

Thursday September 3rd – Set Up
Friday September 4th – Workshops
Saturday September 5th – Workshops & Show
Sunday September 6th – Workshops and clear down

PRICES
We have 2 ticket options this year: Acro (ground based classes only) and the Full Pass (Access to all Aerial and Acro classes).

Full Pass (Aerial and Acro): £299
Latebird Full Pass: £249 (Available until August 31st)
Acro Only Pass: £149

VENUE
St. Leonards Land, Edinburgh University Gymnasiums, Holyrood Road Edinburgh EH8 8AQ
ACCOMODATION
Accommodation is not included in the ticket price for EAAC. We recommend checking out Hostelworld for a range of accommodation to suit all budgets!
CHILDCARE
In the past, we have allowed a small number of children to accompany their parents to EAAC, however as the convention gets bigger and bigger each year we can no longer allow children there for health and safety reasons.

This year we are running a pilot childcare scheme for children between the ages of 6 – 16. As pretty much all of the space at the EAAC is taken up with workshops, this will take the form of fun day trips in which kids will get to travel, try new skills, relax and have fun (including trips to Deep Sea World and Blair Drummond Safari Park!).

EAAC Daycare will run for the full weekend, opening at 12:30 for drop off on Friday the 4th and 9.30 on Saturday and Sunday. Each day we will arrive back at EAAC for the end of the cool down. All trips will include a packed lunch.

Follow the link to our booking form, with all the details of who will be looking after them, and what activities are planned: https://aerialedge.typeform.com/to/kcm59E
Booking your Place
To book your place for the EAAC click here

 






2015 EAAC TeachersAedin Walsh (Ireland)Alexandra Hofgartner (Bristol)Ali Stanger (London)Angela Kirkpatrick (Edinburgh)Caitlin Murphy (UK)Craig Dagostino (London)Craig Gadd (London)Edu Martinez (Spain)Felipe Reyes (London)Ellie Dubois (Glasgow)Formafortis (Durham)Freya Morton (Glasgow)Gandolf (Edinburgh)George le Couteur (Australia/ New Zealand)Glasgow Parkour (Glasgow)Hamish Tjoeng (Bristol)Hang Aerial Dance (UK)Hauk Pattinson (London)Heidi Hickling-Moore (London)Ian Henderson (Edinburgh)Jamie-Lee McNaughton (Glasgow)Jill Maio (USA)Jono Ayres (London)Lil Tulloch (Australia)Mark Holland (Glasgow)Melanie Forbes-Broomes (Glasgow)Oddlings (Netherlands)Rain Anya (USA)Ruaraidh Milne (Forres)Sarah Bebe Holmes (USA)Scott Houston (Glasgow)Seamus Clancy (UK)Sharisse Tindell (Edinburgh)Sibling Alliance (Bristol)Stewart Watts (Glasgow)Susanne Preissler (Germany)Suzy Enoch and Michael Ritchie (Edinburgh)Tamzen Moulding (London)T Lawerence Simon (USA)Tuk & Sofie (Denmark)Will Johnson (Aus)







                Powered by Warp Theme Framework







